Hello, well, I have just woken up and prayed the Fajr Prayer, such a good feeling, because I haven't done so since many days we could say many weeks, I haven't even counted, that's awful, the main idea that made me feel that's worth writing down some ideas is that I take care of people's looks and thoughts about things that I just did imperfectly. I don't know, but the instance that flashed in my mind was when I get to the respond the salutaion to someone, it would sound a bit awkward, so I think about peoples' minds, what do they think about?, do they think about my response? I felt stupid at that moment, so, they surely look at me from that prespective, may I should have said it in a better way, etc etc, that's really crazy, I think that's because I judge people too much, same thing, when I salute someone and he donesn't repond, I get to think like following: look at that awkward human, why didn't he respond me? does he hate me somehow? didn't he listen to me? and many of these ideas which surely will affect the space I have in my mind for things much smaller and important like studying, or just to be in a steady state, not in fight and judging state, it feels crazy. I honestly don't know what would be the solution for this, but let me just occupy my mind with whatever thing when I get to those points, because I don't wanna stop salutations, because this is bad, and will actually sound more awkward. May it's the fact that I'm not delicate enough with my own self, that's why I feel too tough when thinking about others, nevertheless they may have their reason, or whatever why do I even give that much care for so tiny things, especially that giving that care doesn't change things to the better! that's absolutely crazy, I think need to tolerate myself more, I mean in things which I should be tolerant, what are those things in which I should tolerate myself for more? I think being tolerant in all things, so what about being careless? I don't mean to be careless, but just not to care too much for those things, I mean to exactly be normal, but what does it mean specifically? not to get mad? I already don't get mad for those missing or awkward salutations, so that one doesn't sound like the right one. I got more sure now that the simplest solution for it, is just to occupy my mind with something that keeps me calm and uncapable of thinking too much of those things, because I have a high level of anxiety and recently only I got to discover this, that's why I'm being addicted to PORN and MASTURBATION! that's why I'm having a grumpy stomach all the time, that's why I used to eat much, or just eat before beginning or recontinuing tasks, I eat also when I get to failure point. So, basically I think it's about reading Quraan while walking, and trying in the first days of recovery to forcefully shutdown those ideas and not to distract the Quraan that I should be reading in those moments, or in general to worship verbally, which is called Thikr.

That was a lot, but I'm sure there's just more as much already, but I think this is good for now, holding ideas in mind is awful, hehehehe, isn't it? I really wish that this will help, now I'm supposed to get ready for going for walk.


